Hello, Miss Jiang.
Do you have confidence in this Albert Award?
It's not been months since the last controversy was advocated
You've been nominated for the Albert Award for Best Performance
May I ask if Miss Jiang thinks this is an affirmation for you?
Is it sarcasm?
Which newspaper are you from?
Come to work without training?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Miss Jiang.
Well, he's new here and doesn't know the rules.
You see, you have gone through such a big storm this time
You can still nominate for this award
It means that you are still very popular with the audience.
Thank you for your support.
I will try my best to produce excellent work
Return everyone's joy
Isn't it the richest man in Shanghai City?
What's there to be angry about?
She was married.
People are so powerful
What can you do with a top gifter?
The cover singing scandal has caused a lot of controversy
He's still nominated for Best Performer.
I'll tell you what.
Don't offend him
Otherwise, I don't know how I died
Idiom sit
Sorry, there's already someone here.
Your seat is in the second row